Documented DEPLOYER_IMAGE property (#414)
GoogleCloudPlatform/marketplace-k8s-app-tools: docs/schema.md

---

### type: DEPLOYER_IMAGE

> This property provides a reference to the Docker deployer image that is used to deployer the installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A property of this type receives the name of the deployer image that is used for
deploying the application. Use this property type instead of statically deriving
the deployer image name from other application images.
```
